feat:[CDS-96279]: improving documentation for Helm Chart Metadata fea… (#6510)
harness/developer-hub: docs/continuous-delivery/shared/helm-manifest-expressions.md

| `<+manifests.MANIFEST_ID.helm.metadata.commitId>`   | Store commit Id, available only when manifest is stored in a Git repo and Harness is configured to use latest commit. |
| `<+manifests.MANIFEST_ID.helm.metadata.branch>`     | Store branch name, available only when manifest is stored in a Git repo and Harness is configured to use a branch.    |

> To enable this functionality you need to select the `Fetch Helm Chart Metadata` option in Advanced section of manifest window.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Select **Fetch Helm Chart Metadata** in the **Manifest Details** page's **Advanced** section to enable this functionality.
```
